In this lesson, we have looked at various methods and capabilities in the Cloud to defend
your Cloud infrastructure and applications
against misconfigurations, vulnerabilities, and attacks.
You should now have a better feel for best practices and recommendations
for identifying vulnerabilities prior to deployment in your infrastructure code.
You should also be more aware of the different types of scanning that can be done to
identify misconfigurations that could be to
vulnerabilities and breaches in a live environment.
We also introduced operational security event sources in an AWS environment,
and how those sources can be used to detect and audit activity of interest.
Finally, we examined how web application firewalls can be
used to defend Cloud environments and applications from exploitation.
I hope that these concepts can be a value when designing,
deploying, and securing your Cloud workloads.